[expo-localization] Use RN I18nManager for RTL preferences and default supportsRTL to true (#48086)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/localization.mdx

In SDK 55 and later, there is an iOS-only option to specify a `Localizable.strings` object whose entries are used to create native localization files. The entries can be used in [iOS localized notifications](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/usernotifications/generating-a-remote-notification#Localize-your-alert-messages).

## RTL support

> Several regions around the world write text from right to left. To make your app look as expected in RTL languages, you need to make sure it handles these layout and text direction changes accordingly.

Reviewer: **[nit]** First body-text mention of the RTL abbreviation should carry the spelled-out marker, "right to left (RTL)" (`style-guide.md#word-usage`). The unexpanded form predates this PR, but the sentence is rewritten here, so the fix fits naturally.

```suggestion
Several regions around the world write text from right to left (RTL). To make your app look as expected in RTL languages, you need to make sure it handles these layout and text direction changes accordingly.
```

> RTL support is enabled by default. Layout direction follows React Native's [`I18nManager`](https://reactnative.dev/docs/i18nmanager): the app renders in RTL when the device is set to an RTL language (such as Arabic or Hebrew), and in LTR otherwise. This applies in Expo Go, in the dev client, and in apps built with EAS Build or `npx expo prebuild`.

Reviewer: **[design]** This paragraph states the new default on a version-agnostic guide page that is live for readers on SDK 57 and earlier, where `supportsRTL` still defaults to `false`. Content that applies to a specific SDK range needs the version-range callout (`style-guide.md#formatting-and-structure`). The suggestion below also folds in three smaller fixes on this line:

- On iOS, an RTL device language alone does not trigger RTL: React Native's `I18nManager` follows the app's resolved language (`RCTI18nUtil.isApplicationPreferredLanguageRTL`), so the device language must be one the app supports through `supportedLocales`. The PR test plan says exactly this ("RTL on an RTL device when the language is in `supportedLocales`"), but the paragraph omits it.
- "LTR" is first used on the page here, so spell it out once: "left-to-right (LTR)" (`style-guide.md#word-usage`).
- Docs use "development builds", not "the dev client" (`style-guide.md#glossary-and-product-names`), and the 29-word colon sentence reads better split (`style-guide.md#voice-and-tone`).

Adjust the SDK number if this ships in a different release.

```suggestion
> **info** This section describes the behavior in **SDK 58 and later**. In earlier SDK versions, RTL support is disabled by default. To enable it, set the `extra.supportsRTL` property in app config.

RTL support is enabled by default. Layout direction follows React Native's [`I18nManager`](https://reactnative.dev/docs/i18nmanager). The app renders in RTL when the device is set to an RTL language (such as Arabic or Hebrew), and in left-to-right (LTR) otherwise. On iOS, the device language must also be one of your app's supported locales, declared with the [`supportedLocales`](#enabling-per-app-language-selection-via-system-settings) option. This applies in Expo Go, in development builds, and in apps built with EAS Build or `npx expo prebuild`.
```

### Disabling RTL support

To opt out of RTL layout, set the `supportsRTL` option to `false` on the `expo-localization` config plugin:

```json app.json
{
  "expo": {

>     "plugins": [["expo-localization", { "supportsRTL": false }]]

Reviewer: **[nit]** Concrete version of the formatting request on this block: expand the plugin entry to match how it appears in a real **app.json**, consistent with the `supportedLocales` example earlier on this page and the `ConfigPluginExample` this PR adds on the SDK reference page.

```suggestion
    "plugins": [
      [
        "expo-localization",
        {
          "supportsRTL": false
        }
      ]
    ]
```

  }
}
```

### Forcing RTL layout

> You can force the RTL layout for testing, or for applications that are only localized for RTL locales, by setting the `forcesRTL` option to `true` on the `expo-localization` config plugin:

Reviewer: **[suggestion]** This sentence is 30 words with two nested clauses; one thought per sentence (`style-guide.md#voice-and-tone`). Split the use cases from the instruction:

```suggestion
You can force the RTL layout for testing, or for applications that are only localized for RTL locales. To do so, set the `forcesRTL` option to `true` on the `expo-localization` config plugin:
```

```json app.json
{
  "expo": {

>     "plugins": [["expo-localization", { "forcesRTL": true }]]

Reviewer: **[nit]** Same formatting point as the first example: expand the plugin entry to match how it appears in a real **app.json**.

```suggestion
    "plugins": [
      [
        "expo-localization",
        {
          "forcesRTL": true
        }
      ]
    ]
```

In SDK 55 and later, there is an iOS-only option to specify a `Localizable.strings` object whose entries are used to create native localization files. The entries can be used in [iOS localized notifications](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/usernotifications/generating-a-remote-notification#Localize-your-alert-messages).

## RTL support

Several regions around the world write text from right to left (RTL). To make your app look as expected in RTL languages, you need to make sure it handles these layout and text direction changes accordingly.

> > **info** This section describes the behavior in **SDK 58 and later**. On previous versions, RTL support was enabled by default, except in Expo Go where it was disabled.

Author: @amandeepmittal I had to edit the info block. WDYT?
